Update tiktok-ads-event-stream.md (#628)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/destination-catalog/en/tiktok-ads-event-stream.md

- TikTok Ads requires SHA256 encryption for identifiers (External ID, Email, Phone Number). If your Amplitude property isn't pre-encrypted, Amplitude applies SHA256 when it sends the property to TikTok Ads.
- This connector use TikTok Ads event tracking API: https://business-api.tiktok.com/open_api/v1.3/event/track/
    - Documentation: [TikTok Events API](https://business-api.tiktok.com/portal/docs?id=1771101303285761)
- Type requirements:

>     - Phone Number must be in E.164 format (e.g., +14155552671)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Phone Number must be in the E.164 format (for example, `+14155552671`)
```

>     - Currency values must be provided using ISO 4217 currency codes (e.g., USD, EUR, JPY).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Currency values must use ISO 4217 currency codes (for example, `USD`, `EUR`, `JPY`).
```

>     - Price and value must be in number format (e.g., 19.99)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Price and value must be in number format (for example, `19.99`)
```

>     - Quantity must be an integer (e.g., 2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Quantity must be an integer (for example, `2`)
```
